As our community grows, it is imperative that we preserve the things that got us
here; namely, keeping this project a fun, welcoming, challenging, and fair place
to play. This code of conduct states our shared ideals with respect to conduct.
Think of this as coding standards for people. It is an expression of our ideals,
not a rulebook. It is a way to communicate our existing values to the entire
community.

This code of conduct is licensed under the
[CC BY-SA 2.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/) as it is based
upon
[the code of conduct developed by the Drupal project](https://www.drupal.org/dcoc),
which is, in turn, based on the one developed by Ubuntu.

Discussion about this policy belongs in the project issue tracker.

***

## Be considerate.

Our work will be used by other people, and we in turn will depend on the work of
others. Any decision we take will affect users and colleagues, and we should
take those consequences into account when making decisions. This project has
many users and contributors. Even if it's not obvious at the time, our
contributions to this project will impact the work of others. For example,
changes to code, infrastructure, policy, documentation, and translations during
a release may negatively impact others' work.

## Be respectful.

This project's community and its members treat one another with respect.
Everyone can make a valuable contribution to this project. We may not always
agree, but disagreement is no excuse for poor behavior and poor manners. We
might all experience some frustration now and then, but we cannot allow that
frustration to turn into a personal attack. It's important to remember that a
community where people feel uncomfortable or threatened is not a productive one.
We expect members of the community to be respectful when dealing with other
contributors as well as with people outside the project and with the project's
users.

## Be collaborative.

Collaboration is central to this project and to the larger free software
community. This collaboration involves individuals working with others in teams
within this project, teams working with each other within this project, and
individuals and teams within this project working with other projects outside.
This collaboration reduces redundancy, and improves the quality of our work.
Internally and externally, we should always be open to collaboration. Wherever
possible, we should work closely with upstream projects and others in the free
software community to coordinate our technical, advocacy, documentation, and
other work. Our work should be done transparently and we should involve as many
interested parties as early as possible. If we decide to take a different
approach than others, we will let them know early, document our work and inform
others regularly of our progress.

## When we disagree, we consult others.

Conflicts in our community can take many forms. Disagreements, social and
technical, are normal, but we do not allow them to persist and fester leaving
others uncertain of the agreed direction.

We expect individuals to first try to resolve conflicts between themselves in a
constructive manner, asking for help when needed. This approach gives people
more control over the outcome of their dispute.

If that fails, we escalate the matter to structures with designated leaders to
step in and provide clarity and direction.

We will not tolerate bullying or harassment of any member of the community.

If you feel threatened or violated as a result of intimidating, bullying,
harassing, abusive, discriminatory, derogatory, or demeaning conduct, please
speak up and ask it to stop. If you do not feel that you can speak up, contact
the project maintainers immediately with evidence of the incident. Incidents of
bullying and harrassment can be reported privately and will be treated seriously
and discreetly.

Please speak up if you notice someone else being subjected to such behavior.
Refer people to our Code of Conduct and point out such behavior is unwelcome.

## When we are unsure, we ask for help.

Nobody knows everything, and nobody is expected to be perfect in the community.
Asking questions avoids many problems down the road, and so questions are
encouraged. Those who are asked questions should be responsive and helpful.
However, when asking a question, care must be taken to do so in an appropriate
place.

## Step down considerately.

Members of every project come and go and this project is no different. When
somebody leaves or disengages from the project, in whole or in part, we ask that
they do so in a way that minimizes disruption to the project. This means they
should tell people they are leaving and take the proper steps to ensure that
others can pick up where they left off.
