Thank you for your interest in contributing to this project! Contributors are
this project's most valuable asset, and are the sole force behind improvements
to the project and the community itself.

These contributing guidelines are licensed under the
[CC BY-SA 2.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/) as they are
adapted from
[the Drupal project's documentation on Ways to get involved](https://www.drupal.org/contribute).

On this page you will find several areas of the project which you can contribute
to.

# User support

Even the most gifted developers were new once - and chances are someone has
helped you at some point along the way. No matter what your skill level may be,
you can give back by sharing what you know with other users. It's a nice thing
to do, and you might learn something, too!

Get involved with user support in the issue tracker.

# Documentation

Whether you're interested in providing fine-grained API documentation, writing
step-by-step tutorials for the handbook or producing multimedia screencasts to
show people how the project works, you can help improve the project's
documentation and provide a valuable resource to the community.

# Translations

We would like this project to support many languages from around the world. If
you know another language, you can contribute by translating.

# Testing

If you have a keen eye for detail or even just a knack for breaking things, you
can help this project with testing. Good testing directly contributes to the
stability of the project and is an excellent way for people of all backgrounds
to make a valued contribution to the project.

# Design and Usability

Are you helping someone who has never used the project before? Or are you new to
the project yourself? Do you have specialized knowledge in accessibility and
other standards? Contribute feedback to this project's usability!

# Development

This project thrives on developer contributions. Helping out in development
helps the project move forward, and it is the best way to ensure that the
project can do what you need it to do!

# Marketing

Help get the word out about this project! Put your graphic design skills or
marketing savvy to work in promoting this project and spreading the word!
